Acknowledgments
===============

I wish to express my sincere appreciation to many persons
from the private, public, academic, and government community.

To the General Counsel, John J. Kominski, my peers and
co-workers at the Library of Congress. The Senate librarian,
Roger K. Haley and his staff who provided invaluable exchange of
insights and friendship. The Diplomatic branch at the National
Archives, Messrs. Jerry Haines, who several years ago let me
examine the original laws in the vault, and Ronald Swerczek and
Sally Marks who tolerated my many hours of encroachment. To
Nancy Taft Wynn, Dr. and Mrs. Donald Sham, who offered their
unyielding talents which was invaluable. Dawud B. Ziyad,
Assistant Professor, University of the District of Columbia, who
first inspired me to proceed in the completion of this work. To
Jack Ellenberger and Ellen Mahar, who took an immediate interest
in this gigantic project, and encouraged its completion. To
Minnie N. Height, Virginia Garrett, and Reba Burrus, who offered
timely suggestions and my demanding deadline - - - - overnight.
Lastly, my friends and colleagues who have sensed and shared the
emergence of an age in which the exploration of human consciousness
in all its aspects is restored.

The author claims all responsibility for this project and
its creation. The time devoted for the completion of this work
was done during his leisure hours. The author has made every
effort to produce results of absolute accuracy, but apologizes
for any errors and omissions that may have occurred.
